# Professional README Generator

## Task

Dynamically Generate a high-quality README.md file for any app from a user's input using the [Inquirer package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/inquirer). Includes what the app is for, how to use the app, how to install it, how to report issues, and how to make contributions to increase the likelihood that other developers will contribute to the success of any such project. Can quickly and easily create README file by using command-line application to generate. Because this application is not deployed, a link to a walkthrough video that demonstrates its functionality is included. 

## Description
A command-line application that accepts user input when prompted for information about an application & then generates a high-quality, professional README.md with the title of the project and sections entitled Description, Table of Contents, Installation, Usage, License, Contributing, Tests, and Questions. When a license is chosen for the application from the provided list of options, a badge for that license is added near the top of the README and a notice is added to the section of the README entitled License that explains which license the application is covered under. When a GitHub username is provided, the GitHub user link is added to the Questions section of the README. When an email address is entered, this is also added to the section of the README entitled Questions, with instructions on how to reach the author with additional questions. Clicked links in the Table of Contents will take user to the corresponding section of the README.md.

# Table of Contents

* [Installation](#installation)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [Credits](#credits)
* [License](#license)

## Installation

Here are some guidelines to help you get started:

The application will be invoked by using the following command:

```bash
node index.js
```

### Deliverables:

* GitHub repository containing application code. 
  - Repo has a unique name and README describing project.
  - Repository follows best practices for file structure, naming conventions, class/id naming conventions, indentation, quality comments, etc..
  - Repository contains multiple descriptive commit messages.
  - Repo is located at: https://github.com/Portmeister/readme_generator
* A walkthrough video that demonstrates the functionality of the README generator.
  - The walkthrough video demonstrates how user invokes application from command line.
  - The walkthrough video demonstrates how user enters responses to all prompts in application.
  - The walkthrough video demonstrates generated README that matches user input and has functioning table of contents.
* A sample README generated using the application is included.


# Credits

* Uses the [Inquirer package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/inquirer).
* Uses code generated: Trilogy Education Services, LLC, a 2U, Inc. brand. Confidential and Proprietary. All Rights Reserved.
* Uses coded generated by Carrol W. Porter (Portmeister).